N29: Pixels (#894)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/029/index.md

## Library Updates

### [Pixels] 0.9.0 👾

[Pixels] is a tiny hardware-accelerated pixel frame buffer. It is popularly
used for emulators, software renderers, 2D pixel art games, and desktop
utilities.

Version 0.9.0 brings a few breaking changes. Notably `wgpu` was updated to

> 0.12 and we now require Edition 2021. Full details are available in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0.12 and it now requires Edition 2021. Full details are available in the
```
